A Palestinian
American family
is in mourning
after 42 of their relatives
were killed by airstrikes in Gaza
in just one days time.
Three generations of this
family were gone.
The youngest among them,
just three months old.
Some of the images
you're about to see are disturbing.
CNN's Isabel results
brings us their story.
A crowd of neighbors
and survivors
working together to bury loved ones
wrapped in white burial shrouds.
Their bodies are carried
and lined up inside a mass grave.
They belong to one family
thousands of miles away in the U.S..
Family members
across three states are united in grief.
I'm still in this nightmare.
I'm still not
I haven't woke up here in Florida.
John, Abu Shaaban
can't bear the unimaginable loss.
That's my cousin, his son.
Three generations gone in a single day.
Back to back air
strikes, a family
says, in Gaza, killing 42 relatives.
The youngest just three months old.
Abu Shaban tells CNN
a video shot
by a neighbor shows
charred ruins and rubble.
All that's left
of the so-called family compound.
We've never seen in this day and age, one
where the whole world is
watching, innocent people just being torn
apart, family,
whole families just wiped off the map.
The family blames
the deaths on Israeli airstrikes.
CNN cannot independently confirm that.
Israel has launched numerous airstrikes
on Gaza City
since the terror attacks
on October seven,
including multiple strikes in the area
that day.
The Israel Defense Forces
did not comment
on the purported airstrikes.
I mean, in my family members,
we have no Hamas members.
They're just ordinary people.
Doctors and grandmothers and grandfathers
and uncles and aunts and and children.
I mean, if you want to exterminate Hamas,
you should go to the source.
Among the dead, four brothers,
all doctors.
Family members say
they operated Gaza's
largest network,
a family owned by clinics
and independent journalists
on the ground captured the aftermath
and the moment survivors pull body
after body from beneath the rubble,
including Mona Abu Siobhan's uncle,
his wife and son.
The three had recently left their home
in a different part of the city
to stay at the second wheel compound.
Mona says
their previous home,
where they were at before
they were told to evacuate,
so they assumed that
they were going to be safe.
So they went to a safe area,
a safe house, basically.
Watching from afar, an Ohio,
Mona is pleading
not only for a ceasefire,
but long term action.
You know, we can't just say,
okay, we're going to stop bombing
and then it's over.
You have to give them,
you know, their dignity.
You have to give the Palestinians
a place to call home. In Minnesota,
community members
fill up an Islamic center,
praying in support
of the so-called family. Alone.
In the face of so much loss,
their family has no time
to properly mourn, overcome
by constant worry
for the more than 2 million
Palestinians in Gaza
caught in the crossfire.
There's a sense of helplessness.
There's no
you know,
the only thing we can do is pray.